Implementing useUnmount, useMount, and useMountSync hooks within react-hooks package (#15516)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-hooks/README.md

});
```

## useMount

```ts
const useMount: (callback: () => void) => void;
```

> Hook which asynchronously executes a callback once the component has been mounted.

Reviewer: Might be good to note in the readme which hook is used under the hood (and link to the docs for that hook).

});
```

## useMount

```ts
const useMount: (callback: () => void) => void;
```

> Hook that asynchronously fires a callback before mount.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hook which asynchronously executes a callback once the component has been mounted.
```

```tsx
import { useMount } from '@uifabric/react-hooks';

const MyComponent = () => {
  useMount(() => {
    console.log('Example');
   })

  return <div />;
};
});
```

## useMountSync

```ts
const useMountSync: (callback: () => void) => void;
```

> Hook that synchronously fires a callback before mount. This should only be used if useMount causes problems as it will
> trigger debug warnings in server-rendered scenarios.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hook which synchronously execute a callback when the component has been mounted. Use `useMount` for most scenarios. You should only use the synchronous version in the rare case you need to perform an action after the component has been mounted and before the browser paints, such as measuring content and adjusting the result. Using this will trigger debug warnings in server-rendered scenarios.
```

Hook which queries the document for the element indicated by a CSS query string (if provided), or returns the element/event/point provided. Also attempts to determine the Window object for the provided target.

## useUnmount

```ts
const useUnmount: (callback: () => void) => void;
```

> Hook that synchronously fires a callback during unmount.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hook which synchronously executes a callback when the component is about to unmount.
```
